== Sabertooth : A multi-tenancy app
    A-identifies tenants via subdomain (ie acme.grokklab.com)
    B-implmeents tenant data seperation via Postgres schema's
    C-Uses Devise, CanCan and Rolify for authentication and authorization
    D-has kickass schema migration tasks!


== Getting Started

1. git clone git@github.com:GrokkLab/Sabertooth.git

2. bundle install

3. create login role Sabertooth in postgres

4. rake db:create

5. rake db:migrate

6. rake db:seed

7. That's it!  You now have 4 logins available: user@example.com, admn@example.com, exec@example.com, mgmt@example.com and tech@example.com (password is 'please' for each).  Each user gets a view specific to their role.


== Now for some multi-tenancy

Sabertooth works just fine as a single tenant app, but maybe you need to support 2 or 3 or eleventeen
different organizations. No problem.  Sabertooth comes with some easy-peasy rake tools to do just that.

Spose your new tenant is named 'acme', then...
  rake tenant:reset TENANT_NAME=acme

This automatically creates the schema 'acme', migrates that schema to current state and then
seeds that schema with data. Piece O Cake.


Tip: now that you've got multi-tenancy, you'll need to add a subdomain.  If you're rockin'
some flavor of unix this will be as simple as adding entries into your /etc/hosts file.
Something like this...
  127.0.0.1	acme.grokklab.com
  127.0.0.1	bnsf.grokklab.com
  etc...

Refresh your DNS cache (for macs -> dscacheutil -flushcache) and then point your browser at
acme.grokklab.com and you are now looking at ACME's web app.

Enjoy.

